README.md, before:

# Automated_recon-framework-1-

-Hey i'm HexR a cybersicurity enthusiast, and a student too.
-Before you jump in, i must suggest you to install tools using the commands below, that's how
this tool will work with no issue.
-Installation of tools

sudo apt install nmap ffuf whatweb amass
   ---> go install github.com/projectdiscovery/nuclei/v2/cmd/nuclei@latest
   ---> go install github.com/projectdiscovery/subfinder/v2/cmd/subfinder@latest
   ---> go install github.com/projectdiscovery/httpx/cmd/httpx@latest
   ---> go install github.com/projectdiscovery/dnsx/cmd/dnsx@latest
   ---> go install github.com/tomnomnom/waybackurls@latest
   ---> go install github.com/lc/gau/v2/cmd/gau@latest
   ---> sudo apt install metasploit-framework

-Once you have done this; just run the tool by typing ./run.sh
-This tool is designed for bigginers and you can update it with farther; using "nano recon.sh"
-It will ask you to give the target IP or URL and it will proceed.
-So now you can enjoy, and give it a star in git-hub.
                              
                              -----> Thanks for reading

Commit message:

Revise README for better presentation and instructions
Updated the README to improve clarity and formatting.

README.md, after:

# 🔍 Automated Recon Framework

Hey, I'm **HexR** — a cybersecurity enthusiast and student.

## 🚀 Before You Jump In

To ensure this tool works without issues, install the required tools using the commands below.

### 🛠️ Installation of Dependencies

```bash
sudo apt install nmap ffuf whatweb amass
go install github.com/projectdiscovery/nuclei/v2/cmd/nuclei@latest
go install github.com/projectdiscovery/subfinder/v2/cmd/subfinder@latest
go install github.com/projectdiscovery/httpx/cmd/httpx@latest
go install github.com/projectdiscovery/dnsx/cmd/dnsx@latest
go install github.com/tomnomnom/waybackurls@latest
go install github.com/lc/gau/v2/cmd/gau@latest
sudo apt install metasploit-framework


🙏 Thank You

    Thank you for downloading and using this tool. Your interest and support mean a lot! I built this framework to help beginners kickstart their recon journey with confidence and clarity. If you find it useful, please consider giving it a ⭐ on GitHub — it helps others discover it too. Stay curious, stay secure, and keep exploring!
